Clarify API version stability and guidelines (#36663)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/using-api/_index.md

- Alpha:
  - The version names contain `alpha` (for example, `v1alpha1`).
  - Alpha API versions are disabled by default.
  - The software may contain bugs. Enabling a feature may expose bugs.
  - Support for an alpha API may be dropped at any time without notice.
  - The API may change in incompatible ways in a later software release without notice.
  - The software is recommended for use only in short-lived testing clusters,
    due to increased risk of bugs and lack of long-term support.

- Beta:
  - The version names contain `beta` (for example, `v2beta3`).

>   - Beta API versions are typically disabled by default.

Reviewer: It may be worth mentioning that this has not always been the case.

Author: looks like Kubernetes 1.21 was the last time we added a new beta API and enabled it by default, will note that

  - Beta API versions have a maximum lifetime of 3 minor releases from introduction
    to deprecation, and 3 minor releases from deprecation to removal.
  - The software is well tested. Enabling a feature is considered safe.
  - The support for a feature will not be dropped, though the details may change.

  - The schema and/or semantics of objects may change in incompatible ways in
    a subsequent beta or stable API version. When this happens, migration
    instructions are provided. Adapting to a subsequent beta or stable API version
    may require editing or re-creating API objects, and may not be straightforward.
    The migration may require downtime for applications that rely on the feature.
  - The software is not recommended for production uses. Subsequent releases

>     may introduce incompatible changes. Use of beta API versions will eventually

Reviewer 2: nit: Could you be more specific instead of suggesting future consequences,
`will eventually be required`

Reviewer 3: I think it's pretty clear that this follows from the max lifetime mentioned a few lines above.

Author: tried to be more concrete here

- Alpha:
  - The version names contain `alpha` (for example, `v1alpha1`).

>   - Alpha API versions are disabled by default.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- For built-in APIs, alpha versions are disabled by default. You must enable that alpha
  API group in your cluster before you can use it.
```
Is this always true? Any exceptions?

Reviewer 4: For completeness, maybe we should make it clear what versioning looks like for alpha CRDs. I presume this is “if you don't want it, don't deploy it”.
Maybe also that an expectation that projects _within Kubernetes_ don't ship Helm / Terraform / Kustomize / whatever code with the alpha CRDs enabled? Perhaps a loose conventions for chart / module / etc to take a boolean that enables the alpha APIs, even before there are any beta or GA APIs to enable by default?

Author: updated to clarify built-in alpha APIs... I'd rather not tackle the CRD lifecycle in this PR

  - The software may contain bugs. Enabling a feature may expose bugs.
  - Support for an alpha API may be dropped at any time without notice.
  - The API may change in incompatible ways in a later software release without notice.
  - The software is recommended for use only in short-lived testing clusters,
    due to increased risk of bugs and lack of long-term support.

- Beta:
  - The version names contain `beta` (for example, `v2beta3`).

>   - Built-in beta API versions are typically disabled by default (starting with new Beta APIs added since Kubernetes 1.21).

Reviewer 4: Is this right?
```suggestion
  - For built-in APIs, beta versions are disabled by default, **except** for beta versions of APIs that were enabled
    before Kubernetes 1.21 (which introduced the disabled-by-default requirement)
```

Author: rephrased to something closer to this suggestion

  - Built-in beta API versions have a maximum lifetime of 3 minor releases from introduction

>     to deprecation, and 3 minor releases from deprecation to removal.

Reviewer 4: Should we mention the 9 month thing from the deprecation policy document?

Author: done
